Add an env var to disable pkg_resources (#928)
PixarAnimationStudios/OpenTimelineIO: docs/tutorials/otio-env-variables.md

# Environment Variables

This document describes the environment variables that can be used to configure
various aspects of OTIO.

## Plugin Configuration

These variables must be set _before_ the OpenTimelineIO python library is imported.

> - `OTIO_PLUGIN_MANIFEST_PAT`H: a ":" separated string with paths to .manifest.json files that contain OTIO plugin manifests.  See: <a href="write-an-adapter.html" target="_blank">Tutorial on how to write an adapter plugin</a>.

Reviewer: typo: _PAT`H

Author: Cool.  Using the "insert a suggestion" feature to correct these typos.

```suggestion
- `OTIO_PLUGIN_MANIFEST_PATH`: a ":" separated string with paths to .manifest.json files that contain OTIO plugin manifests.  See: <a href="write-an-adapter.html" target="_blank">Tutorial on how to write an adapter plugin</a>.
```

- `OTIO_DEFAULT_MEDIA_LINKER`: the name of the default media linker to use after reading a file, if "" then no media linker is automatically invoked.

> - O`TIO_DISABLE_PKG_RESOURCE_PLUGINS`: By default, OTIO will use the pkg_resource entry_points mechanism to discover plugins that have been installed into the current python environment.  pkg_resources, however, can be slow in certain cases, so for users who wish to disable this behavior, this variable can be set to 1.

Reviewer: typo O`TIO

Author: ```suggestion
- `OTIO_DISABLE_PKG_RESOURCE_PLUGINS`: By default, OTIO will use the pkg_resource entry_points mechanism to discover plugins that have been installed into the current python environment.  pkg_resources, however, can be slow in certain cases, so for users who wish to disable this behavior, this variable can be set to 1.
```
